Initial commit (#1)
Likvido/Likvido.Extensions.Logging: README.md

# Likvido.Extensions.Logging
[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/likvido/Likvido.Extensions.Logging/Publish%20to%20nuget)](https://github.com/Likvido/Likvido.Extensions.Logging/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Publish+to+nuget%22)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Likvido.Extensions.Logging)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Likvido.Extensions.Logging/)

> Add convinient way to replace logging implementation on .NET Core with Serilog for IServicecollection. Very similar to https://github.com/serilog/serilog-extensions-hosting but can be used for apps without hosting campabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a convenient way to replace logging implementation on .NET Core with Serilog for IServicecollection. Very similar to https://github.com/serilog/serilog-extensions-hosting but can be used for apps without hosting capabilities.
```
